Hello and welcome back to the course on power VI in today's tutorial we're going to finally create our
business intelligence reports.
In fact it's going to be an interactive business intelligence report.
So we're going to put together these five elements that we've created in the previous tutorials we've
created a map with an indicator for card at the top.
We've created a pie chart for gender.
We've created a distribution for H distribution for balance and we've created a format for job classification.
So let's go ahead and create our b i report.
All right.
So how we're going to put them together.
So the beauty of power be-I is that we can just simply copy these weasels actions onto a new page.
So it's like this hold on controls like this.
Then Prince can see on my keyboard press control V and will be copied over and there are complete independence.
If I change this one this one on change another way around.
So basically if I want to make changes here I'm free to do so and I will always have this back up over
here.
And also don't forget to save your work by pressing control s here.
We've got gender going to copy that as well.
Put it here somewhere then we've got the age distribution.
Copy that as well.
Put it here.
Well just all of this in a second Google balance.
Copy it here.
So this is the beauty of preparing everything in advance.
There is minimal problems for the down and you just need to copy these things.
All right.
So all that has been copied.
Now it's about putting it all together so it looks very nice on one sheet.
And also take into account the size of the screens that you want to prepare for and if these reports
are going to be viewed on desktop or mobile or or if they're going to be viewed on desktops screens
or laptops or RBI is also available for iPads so maybe if people or executives are going to be viewing
this report on iPads you might want to make this kind of a little smaller or something.
So it's about experimentation and testing these things out.
But now at this stage of what we want to do is we want to actually first of all just use this kind of
stuff we're going to line up everything.
Now you'll notice that it's a bit hard to line things up because they're kind of like free flowing.
There's no there's no grid lines no guidelines here.
And also you may have noticed that throughout the section I have a new tab at the top which is called
view.
Now this is something new.
In one of the later versions of Barbie I may be in your version.
So if you're watching this video even later might be here by default but if you don't have it right
now then what you can do is you can click this dropdown go into options go into options here and here
just go down to updates not updates go into Preview features.
And here's a follow features are available for you to try in this release features might change or be
removed a future release.
So for now we have the ability to enable Kroy grid lines and snap to grid.
So go ahead and check this box click OK.
You might have to restart a power be-I to do that.
So just save your work restart and come back to this resolution and then you'll be able to show grid
lines so you can see these grid lines appear at the back of your canvas.
And also you can snap objects a grid that will allow you to have more control of.
So less freedom but at the same time more control over how you're placing these dispositions so that
there are actually lined up very nicely.
All right so now it's very easy to tell the width that you want.
For example here you might want to snap it to that level and then to this one as well as level.
Same thing.
And then you can maybe increase it up to there.
All right.
And then this one goes in here and very nicely it's very easy to line them up like this.
When you have these grid lines over there.
So now again this line this one up scroll down
and see up to where maybe this one should be a bit higher I think.
That's good as you can see the percentage is lined up very nicely here.
Then let's take this and line it up over here.
It does take some work some manual editing but it's going to be worth it in the end.
So maybe this needs to go up to the same level as this.
And finally a final chart goes into one.
There we go.
All right so obviously this is pretty much ready.
The last things that we would like to probably change are these labels and the colors.
So let's start with region and region here so we go here we want to keep the legend.
We don't want to keep the title and the same thing here so here
we want to keep the title.
We would do but we do want we want to change it so it's say distribution by age and then here also make
it a more intuitive title we'll call it distribution.
Why Vallence this one title.
Call that job classification
here here we'll call this one gender.
All right.
So that's our title.
And in terms of colors even though we worked on the colors as we were creating these individual pages
and they seem to be OK in this case it doesn't look like the colors work well together and you can tell
just by looking at that this is a bit that stands out that stands out.
Maybe some of the colors here are not ideal so I suggest the following approach.
I'm going to end this tutorial now and I'm going to play around with the colors on my side and then
you'll see the final result because I pick in the next tutorial whereas you can also do that.
You can also try to fix up your colors or you can just proceed to the next tutorial and see the ones
I used.
It just takes some time and usually it's quite a lengthy process picking up all the colors and I wouldn't
want to make you wait through this painful exercise.
So on that note I'm going to end this tutorial.
I look for the next time.
And until then happy analyzing.